(Previously)
Meet the members of Mission Nopnapha.
A mission to reclaim your dignity
as the original, rightful partner.
♪ Just losing a crappy guy ♪
♪ Like you ♪
What's the meaning of this?
Veha,
hear me out.
Veha!
I'm terrible.
I deserve what's happening to me.
Go ahead and insult me!
Just do it!
I won't.
I just want you to know
you're not anyone's second choice.
I'd definitely cry.
Then I won't let go of your hand.
Whatever's on your mind, let it all out.
I'll take it.
♪ Look whose tears are falling down ♪
♪ A heart once rock-solid is breaking now ♪
♪ Since the day you walked out of my life ♪
♪ I've had no one left by my side ♪
♪ It's my fault ♪
♪ I'm the reason you said goodbye ♪
(Why?)
(What's wrong with you?)
(Stop fighting!)
(I've made my decision!)
(A new face is better than
an old one anyway!)
(Better than an old one anyway!)
(Let's go.)
You jerk! You cheater!
You f*cker!
Hey!
I'm Toto, not a f*cker!
Oh.
What are you doing down there?
Catching your tears, I guess.
They almost fell into my mouth already.
Am I going to transform or something?
Yeah, you're turning into a f*ckr.
Hey.
Just stay down there and catch my tears.
Go curse Lion out.
Stop crying and open the door for me.
You f*cker!
Hey!
Open the door!
Now!
"A Dog and A Plane" (Episode 5)
Whoa.
Look at you.
You look like a dead body I just picked up.
Spot on.
If you're here to rub
it in, then just leave.
I'm not in the mood to talk.
Hey, nobody's here to rub it in.
I brought you an antacid.
Weren't you complaining about
a stomach ache from acid reflux?
Here.
Just leave it there, then go.
I want to be alone.
I can't leave you alone.
Don't worry about me.
I'm not going to hurt myself.
I just want to sink into it completely.
Come on.
You need to go outside
and find something to do.
Go eat something good.
Why are you cooped up in your room
like this?
Look, it's so musty in here.
Your room usually smells nice
like a lavender field.
Have you been to a lavender field?
I just smell the fabric softener.
LION
Who is it?
What the f*ck do you want?
He doesn't want to talk to you.
It's over. You son of a bitch!
That's it.
Just yell at him until you're satisfied.
Yell at him directly.
Don't yell at the sky or the air.
Got it?
You don't have to do that.
I'll ask my maid to clean it up.
I'm cleaning it up.
I'm using my quota to pay off my debt.
Once I'm done, I'm dragging you out.
To where?
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm staying home singing sad songs.
♪ I could only— ♪
Don't let some asshole ruin your life.
Come on.
Where are we going?
Try not to think.
Just go with the flow and follow me.
I promise I won't hurt you.
Come on.
Hey!
Seriously? Get up!
After everything I just said,
you're going back to sleep?
Unbelievable.
Come.
Hey.
Where are you taking me?
An abandoned train station?
Exactly.
I'm taking you to do
something a little wild.
I'm not the outdoorsy type.
You have to try.
It's going to be so intense
that you stop feeling sad.
Hey.
Come on.
Why is it so hard to walk here?
Good things require patience.
It's dark too.
Come on. We've arrived.
Now?
One. Two. Three!
Come on, you didn't even use any energy.
What do you think?
What's wrong with you?
I'm not in the mood to play with you.
Come on.
Let's play.
You need to let your sadness out.
Why keep it in?
I could just let it out by sitting in
tears, listening to Ink Waruntorn's songs.
Listen. Sweating it out in sports
is better than shedding tears over love.
Ever heard of that?
Wait here.
Alright.
Here you go.
Here are tools for letting out your rage.
Where did you get this sports equipment?
I hid it there.
I like coming here to let off steam.
Sometimes I use old tennis rackets
to hit things.
Sometimes I use golf clubs to swing hard.
Sometimes I curse people out.
It's so therapeutic.
Does it help?
Of course.
Don't keep your sadness in.
Let it out.
What do you want to play first?
Tennis.
Imagine this tennis
ball is that bastard Lion.
So this is his head?
Let's move the bag here.
Whoa.
I'm disappointed.
Scream it out!
Louder!
Shout it out!
Here.
Go hard.
You jerk!
Go to hell!
This shuttlecock is Lion.
One. Two. Three.
Lion's balls.
Don't hold back.
Okay.
Scream it out!
Motherf*cker!
- Whoa.
- Not bad.
Hole in one?
How are you?
Hmm?
Feeling better?
Yeah, I am.
It's better than
being stuck in my own head.
You're so special, you know?
Hmm?
I usually don't show my private area
to anyone easily.
Gross.
What? I'm talking about this place.
Oh.
Mm.
Thanks, I guess.
No problem.
I didn't want you to stay sad for too long.
I think a good guy like you
will find someone new soon.
Really?
Am I really good?
If I'm really good,
why did he leave me for someone else?
Don't blame yourself.
He dumped you.
He's an asshole for leaving you.
He cheated on you.
He doesn't see your worth.
Who even sees my worth?
Don't know about anyone else, but I do.
I think…
I've had enough.
I don't want to love anyone anymore.
Love is only going to hurt me.
I'd better stay single.
I'm going to stay single for a long time!
Don't stay single for too long.
Or that thing will close up.
What will close up?
Your heart.
Your heart will close up.
I want you to keep your heart open.
Just in case one day
you have a heart emergency,
I'll be the one to
collect your body myself.
My blushing pink body?
Can I see?
All you do is think
about these things, huh?
Well, you started it.
Hey!
There's a plane flying over.
There.
Whoa.
You're usually on one of those, right?
Look, it looks so tiny from here.
But when I'm on it,
it's huge.
When you fly over here,
have you ever seen me sitting here?
I sit here a lot.
Really? Next time, I'll
zoom in with a camera.
Hey, another plane is coming!
It's been a tiring day, hasn't it?
But it's good.
It's like I sweated away my sadness.
I told you.
Sweating it out in sports is better than
shedding tears over a douchebag.
You and your lines.
Hey.
Did you hear a frog jumping over the car?
Where did it go?
Hey, stop teasing me.
It's my stomach growling.
The traffic is so bad.
Who wouldn't be hungry? Aren't you hungry?
Why didn't you tell me you were hungry?
I'm telling you now.
Hey.
I have just the thing.
Try this.
I love it so much. It's good.
Thanks.
This one?
Yeah.
How is it?
Smells great and tastes delicious.
Hey.
What?
Aren't you going to feed me?
If you want to eat it,
just grab it yourself.
Hey, my hands are dirty.
What if I get infected?
I could get diarrhea.
Here.
It's not reaching my
mouth. It's right here.
Hey!
I told you to feed me properly,
but you wouldn't.
Hey! You bit my finger!
I might've been exposed to rabies.
Take me to get the shots now.
I'm vaccinated.
I don't see your collar.
I only wear a sleeve for something else.
Excuse me.
I'm having contractions.
Are you alright?
Ouch!
Easy. Don't give birth yet.
Help!
Yes?
My passenger is having a baby.
Please help!
As in giving birth?
Yes! This way!
Hey.
Prepare for BBA now.
What are you talking about?
Birth before arrival.
Excuse me.
Should we go to the hospital?
We can't. The baby's head is already out.
We have to deliver the baby right here.
The baby's coming.
Please breathe slowly and stay calm.
- Please stay calm.
- Deep breaths.
Can I get the cloth to cover her legs?
It hurts. Ouch!
Okay.
Here, Ma'am.
Hey, hold her hands and talk to her
so she doesn't get scared.
Please stay calm.
Breathe in slowly
and breathe out with me.
One. Two, Three.
Don't push yet. Push on my cue.
Take a deep breath and hold it.
On a count of three, we push together.
- Help me cue her.
- Okay.
One. Two. Three.
Okay, good.
You're doing great.
Breathe in.
Okay, good.
Almost there.
Okay, it's coming!
Okay.
The baby's here.
Give me the blanket.
This one?
Okay.
Your baby's here.
Well done, ma'am.
Come on.
Instead of taking me back to the condo
to wash this off,
you brought me here
to wash it with canal water?
It works the same anyway.
Here.
We'll wipe it with alcohol
so it comes off faster.
Come on.
I'll help you.
Hey, are there fish here?
Stop being so dramatic.
I'm still in shock that
you delivered a baby in the back of a car.
Me too.
I didn't think I could do it.
I practiced before,
but the real thing needed total focus.
Two lives were in my hands.
When the baby grows up, they'll have to
give you a garland on Father's Day.
No need.
As long as they're a good kid and
not a burden to the country, I'm happy.
What? Is that a Children's day's motto?
Are you the prime minister?
Can I even become one? Look at me.
By the way, can I ask you something?
Why did you become a rescuer?
I wanted to make my dad proud.
I'm off to work.
Alright, Dad.
Can't I go with you?
Stay here and take
care of your little sister.
See you in the evening.
Safe trip.
Don't forget to come back for dinner.
Okay.
You're home now, Dad.
You'll take care of Lew and me.
Where's Mom?
Mom's not coming back to us anymore.
She has a new family now.
But I miss Mom and Dad.
It's okay. You still have me.
I love you too.
We'll get through this together.
Your dad would be proud of you.
Yours too.
You're a flight attendant.
That's one of the top dream jobs.
When I was a kid,
I loved sitting and watching planes.
I thought if I made it there,
I'd be able to escape
my dad's scolding and nagging.
Up there, no one would shout.
No one would judge you.
That's why I wanted to go up there.
Now I've made it as a flight attendant.
But at the end of the day,
I'm still never good enough for my dad.
There's a lot of pressure up there.
I get that the sky looks
beautiful from above,
but the sky down here isn't bad either.
You can see the moon
reflected in the water.
Hey, what are you doing?
Wiping the blood off you.
Oh.
Come here.
Turn the other way.
Is there more?
Hey!
That got in my mouth!
What's wrong with you?
Here. Take that!
- Take that!
- Hey, don't you know who runs this area?
Take that!
- Local boss, huh?
- Hey.
I can drag you into the water.
Don't. I'm not playing anymore.
- Do you want to get in?
- No!
Do you want to get your whole body in?
No!
I'm running away.
Stop.
You know how to play guitar?
No, I'm practicing.
Beer is teaching me.
Oh, just wear that shirt for now.
I'm getting yours washed.
- This one?
- Yeah.
What's this shirt?
It's from the foundation.
Wearing it makes you 50% cooler,
I'm telling you.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Then can I pass as a rescuer now?
Are they still hiring?
No, I wouldn't hire you.
Why not? I have some skills.
Why wouldn't you hire me?
You're not fit to be a rescuer.
You're more fit to date a rescuer.
Feel free to stay here tonight.
That actually sounds good.
But let me make it clear.
I just don't want to lie in my room
and spiral alone.
Sure.
But promise me one thing.
What is it?
Don't touch me.
I don't want to be
your emotional punching bag.
Please.
Who would do anything to you?
I'm not staying anymore.
I'd better go home.
Hey.
What?
You shouldn't be alone.
Stay with me.
Come on.
I'll play you a song.
Your ears will be
blessed, I'll have you know.
Down, down,
Up, up, up, down.
Down,
down, up, up, up,
up, down.
If you can't sleep, I can sing to you.
Or I can tell you a
ghost story. I know a lot.
Hi, Jack, The Ghost Radio.
I'm Toto.
I'm calling from Samrong.
I always listen live,
but today I want to use protection.
Hey.
You're only making it
harder for me to sleep.
Just you sleeping next to me is enough.
Thank you
for making today not so bad.
Chill.
I'm good at taking care of a heart.
Good night.
See you.
In our dreams.
Just sleep already.
Excuse me.
Can you help me?
Yes, what is it?
Please hurry up.
I don't know how my brother is doing.
Veha.
Veha!
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Hey! How did you get in here?
Never mind how I got in.
Why are you doing this?
There's always tomorrow in life.
You know, Toon Bodyslam's song?
Huh?
You're born once and you die once.
Why would you waste your life
on that crappy guy?
What?
You think I'm committing suicide?
I'm just soaking and washing myself.
Oh. Really?
Yes!
I want to wash the bad out of myself.
Can you wash off something like that?
You can't.
But for me, it's like starting over.
I get to wash away those terrible thoughts
that made me become a side piece.
Wash away all the bad feelings
I've had all this time.
From now on, I'll become a new Veha
who's ready to spread his wings and fly.
That's a relief to hear.
You scared me. I almost gave you CPR.
But why did you think I'd commit suicide?
What you said the other day got me worried.
I've been waiting for you
in the lobby every day.
You haven't come down from your room
for days.
Go ahead and insult me.
I won't.
I just want you to know
you're not anyone's second choice.
I feel so worthless.
If I weren't in the picture,
everyone would be happier, wouldn't they?
Thank you.
No one has ever cared about me
as much as you do.
Can I join you in the tub?
Hey.
Are you going to take me out every day?
Come on.
I don't want you crying, breaking down,
or hurting yourself alone in your room.
Hey. It takes time, okay?
Haven't you heard of
the five stages of grief?
No.
The first stage is
denial.
Why?
Why did you leave me?
The second stage is anger.
How could you leave me?
Why did you do this?
Why?
The third stage
is bargaining.
Hey.
Please don't leave me.
Can you come back to me?
The fourth stage
is depression.
Why did you leave me?
And the fifth stage
is when you can accept the truth
and live with it.
Why does it take so long to forget?
Real life isn't divided
into stages like that.
So what stage are you in now?
Right now,
I'm entering the acceptance stage.
But sometimes I still get angry
when something triggers me.
But I believe that if you date me,
I can get you through all those
five stages, all the way to nirvana.
Date? I'm giving my heart a break.
I don't care about love anymore.
I want to focus on other
things in life for now.
A break? You need to move on quickly.
If you leave it too long,
your heart will go numb.
Wanna get something to eat?
Yeah, let's go.
♪ Staring at the sky so wide ♪
♪ Don't wanna see couples but wrong kind ♪
♪ If love ain't treating you right ♪
♪ If love just wastes your time ♪
♪ If the one you love just don't suit ♪
♪ Got nothing good for you to choose ♪
♪ All you gotta do is turn around ♪
♪ I'll be waiting right there ♪
♪ I'm just an ordinary guy ♪
How about that?
♪ Not a fancy prize, but
I'm the one they dial ♪
Hey!
Not bad.
Whoa.
Your aim is so good.
I'm getting scared.
Come on, don't worry.
When I was aiming,
I didn't think about your face.
I know.
If you were thinking about me,
you'd probably use a love arrow.
I can't believe you're still trying.
I said I need time to heal.
You focus on moving on.
I'll focus on scoring points with you.
Did you really bring me to a temple fair?
Exactly.
I brought you to see
all these people and lights,
so the new Veha can shine bright.
Want a doll? I'll shoot it for you.
Even if I want it, I can buy it myself.
Buying it isn't as valuable as
fighting for it yourself.
You always try to sound cool.
Of course.
I have to act cool.
I'm in front of a junior who's into me.
I'm never going to deny you're cool.
You've always been cool.
But my feelings changed a long time ago.
Who would be into someone for that long?
There's no way.
Are you sure you're not into me anymore?
I want that one.
Can you get it for me?
Sure.
Whatever doll or anything else Veha wants,
Akki will get it for him.
Thank you.
Here.
Let's go.
Hey!
You bumped into me too hard!
Come on!
It's bumper cars. We have to bump.
You're definitely getting bumped all night.
You're always so dirty-minded.
What are you thinking about?
Your mind is getting dirty.
I think you're at my level now.
I've never done this before.
Do you want to sit together
in the same car?
Or…
you can sit on my lap.
The cars are so small.
Let's take separate ones.
Alright, I'll teach you.
I'm a pro.
Come on.
You want some?
Take that!
Come on!
Yeah.
Oh!
Hey, Ak!
Hey, bro!
What are you doing here?
I brought Veha out.
I feel bad for him. He's been feeling down.
You brought Veha?
Yeah.
I came with Kanit.
What?
Yeah.
Where is he?
Hey!
What the hell?
How the hell were you driving?
I'm sorry.
Have you never done this before?
I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean it.
You think an apology is going to fix this?
If you want me to let it go,
pay for the damages.
Are you that hurt?
If it's that bad,
can I take you to the hospital?
Hey. Are you trying to be a smart-ass?
You hurt us. You have
to take responsibility.
Please calm down.
Hey! What the f*ck are you doing?
Who the hell are you?
I'm Toto.
It's my job to take care of him.
Hey!
Please calm down.
He was going to bump into me, not you.
He meant to bump into me.
I'll take responsibility.
Name your price.
5,000.
Hey!
Isn't that too much?
5,000 for that small bump?
You're scammers.
Don't pay them.
Just apologize
and take them to the hospital.
If you want money, then sue us.
Okay.
If I don't get money,
let me punch you.
How dare you hurt my bro?
Asshole!
Hey!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Come on!
Hey, stop!
Bring it!
You think we can handle them?
Definitely.
We can definitely run!
Oh, shit!
Run!
Hurry!
Where are they?
Where did they go?
Maybe that way.
Let's go.
Hey, they're gone.
We almost got into real trouble
with the local punks.
Look, I didn't want to
pick a fight with them.
I was going to bump into someone else.
But you couldn't bring yourself to do it,
could you?
You know he feels guilty now.
I think he's Lion's victim too.
You're a good person.
You're not capable of doing anything nasty.
Leave the dirty work to me.
Wanna hang out some more?
I'll take you around.
I'm no longer in the mood.
Let's leave.
Then I'll drop you off at your condo.
- Let's go.
- It's fine.
I can go home by myself. You go.
No.
Didn't you hear what I told them?
I said I'm taking care of you tonight.
Let's go.
Where did they go?
I think that way.
Come on.
I thought we were going to
get beaten to death.
Does it hurt a lot?
Just a little.
Bruises like this are no big deal.
How are you feeling?
Did you get hurt anywhere?
I'm fine.
But Kanit should've really bumped into me,
so he'd be satisfied and forgive me.
Stop blaming yourself.
If he doesn't forgive you,
there's nothing you can do.
You have to move forward.
I'll stand by your side.
Okay?
Let's go.
Be gentle.
That was a close call,
fighting with those local thugs.
They were the ones
who picked a fight with us.
I wasn't going to let that slide.
Yeah? Come here.
Are you okay?
Let me see.
Do you have bruises anywhere?
You need to look handsome for work.
I'm fine.
Didn't you see how fast I ran?
But thank you for
making me run for my life.
You like it?
I keep dragging you into random chaos.
Adventure is just what I need in my life.
I've been living a predictable life
for too long.
Since I met you, I never know
what I'm going to face each day.
It's kind of fun.
I get an adrenaline rush,
all these endorphins kicking in,
and I forget I'm heartbroken.
That's good.
Someone as cute as you
shouldn't stay sad for long.
What are you talking about? Here.
Whoa. You might as well punch me too.
- Be gentle!
- Stay still. Let's keep this on.
I can do it myself.
This side too.
Kanit.
Lion.
Where have you been?
You won't pick up my calls.
I've been waiting in the lobby for a while.
Why? Do I have to
report where I go to you?
We're not together anymore.
What's this?
You broke up with me
to be with this rescue guy?
Isn't it too soon?
Or what?
Were you secretly seeing each other
while you were still with me?
What if I date him?
What would you do?
Nothing.
That'd just be fair.
You messed up. I messed up.
We're even.
Let's go back to how we were already.
Wow. Your math is shit.
Let's talk nicely upstairs.
You can leave now.
I'm going to talk this out with him.
I'm not leaving
until Kanit kicks me out himself.
Then I'll pay you to leave.
How much do you still owe?
Just tell me the number.
I'll transfer it.
From now on,
stay away from him.
You're ruining his image.
F**k you!
Hey! Why the f**k did you punch me?
Because you're a f*cking asshole!
Stop!
Don't fight!
Hey! Enough!
That's enough!
Bring it!
Asshole!
You think you're so good, huh?
Son of a bitch!
Enough!
He punched me first!
You looked down on me!
Come at me!
Bring it!
Stop! I said stop!
Look, just go.
I'm staying with him tonight.
Are you really getting with him?
Why can't I be with him?
I'm single now.
Come on.
Let's go to my room and keep kissing.
I'm sorry for kissing you earlier.
I just wanted him to leave.
It's fine.
I'm definitely charging you for that.
Knock it off my debt.
Okay.
I'll cut it down by a lot.
I'm just kidding.
I get you.
I'm leaving now.
You probably want to be alone tonight.
Call me if you need anything.
Can you sleep with me tonight?
Sleep?
You mean sleeping next to each other?
Of course.
Sure.
I mean having sex.
You're actually kind of good-looking,
the longer I look at you.
I don't know how to argue with that.
Then don't.
Just kiss me now.
No.
I don't want to take advantage of
someone who's heartbroken.
Why are you acting like a good guy?
What's the point of being good?
Is there even a place for that?
Right now, it's no morals and no limits!
Hey. There are so many better people
than that thick-brow guy.
Why are you taking it out on yourself
like this?
You don't need to comfort me.
So, what do you say?
Are you going to sleep with me?
Or what?
Do you want me to use these tickets?
If you sleep with me tonight,
- we can use all of them.
- Hey.
Hey!
You're acting like Lion right now.
I'm sorry.
Well,
you can go.
No one wants to stay with me anyway.
If you want me to stay,
I will.
(Next Episode)
Debt release agreement.
You don't have to take care of me anymore.
Why did you bring me to our old school?
To relive good memories.
I'm sorry I played a part
in your bad memories.
Will you give me a chance
to make things right?
Hello.
I came to pick Kanit up for a meal.
I drive a rescue vehicle.
How am I supposed to compete with him?
You still have a chance.
What chance?
A chance to ask me out.